docs(getting_started): add PyDM onboarding guide with three exercises (#258)
slaclab/sc_linac_physics: docs/getting_started.md

# Getting Started

> 

Reviewer: Also is it worth adding solution blocks or even collapsible spoilers for Exercises 2 and 3 so they can verify their implementations are right?

LINAC = "L1B"
CM = "02"

class CryomoduleOverview(Display):
    def __init__(self, parent=None, args=None, macros=None):
        super().__init__(parent=parent, args=args, macros=macros)
        self.setWindowTitle(f"Cryomodule {LINAC}:CM{CM}")

        outer = QVBoxLayout()
        self.setLayout(outer)

        header = QLabel(f"Cryomodule {LINAC}:CM{CM} — 8 Cavities")
        header.setAlignment(Qt.AlignCenter)
        outer.addWidget(header)

        # QScrollArea lets the window scroll if its contents are taller than
        # the screen.  We create a plain QWidget to hold the cavity rows, then
        # place it inside the scroll area.
        scroll = QScrollArea()
        scroll.setWidgetResizable(True)
        container = QWidget()
        container_layout = QVBoxLayout()
        container.setLayout(container_layout)
        scroll.setWidget(container)
        outer.addWidget(scroll)

        for cav_num in range(1, 9):
            prefix = build_cavity_pv_prefix(LINAC, CM, cav_num)
            row_widget = self._make_cavity_row(cav_num, prefix)
            container_layout.addWidget(row_widget)

>     def _make_cavity_row(self, cav_num: int, prefix: str) -> QGroupBox:

Reviewer: Minor but were setting QGroupBox(f"CAV{cav_num}") as the title and then adding QLabel(f"CAV{cav_num}") inside it, so I think the cavity number will show up 2 times.

        group = QGroupBox(f"CAV{cav_num}")
        layout = QHBoxLayout()
        group.setLayout(layout)

        layout.addWidget(QLabel(f"CAV{cav_num}"))

        # TODO: Add a PyDMLabel showing gradient (suffix: "GACT")
        #       Label it "Gradient:"

        # TODO: Add a PyDMLabel showing SSA status (suffix: "SSA:StatusMsg")
        #       Label it "SSA:"

        # TODO: Add a PyDMLabel showing the fault code (suffix: "CUDSTATUS")
        #       Label it "Fault:"

        return group

if __name__ == "__main__":
    app = PyDMApplication(use_main_window=False)
    window = CryomoduleOverview()
    window.resize(600, 400)
    window.show()
    sys.exit(app.exec_())
```

### Run it

```bash
python cryomodule_overview.py
```

### Things to try

- The `alarmSensitiveBorder` and `alarmSensitiveContent` properties on `PyDMLabel` make the
  widget change color when the PV goes into alarm. Try setting both to `True` on the fault label.
- Add a column showing `AACTMEAN` (mean amplitude). How does the layout look with five columns?

> - Try `CM = "H1"` (a high-loaded-Q cryomodule). Does it still run?

Reviewer 2: Almost, Claude :) 
```suggestion
- Try `CM = "H1"` (a third-harmonic cryomodule). Does it still run?
```

            grid.addWidget(QLabel(cm_name), row, 0)
            for col, cavity in enumerate(cm.cavities.values(), start=1):
                # TODO: create a PyDMLabel connected to cavity.pv_addr("CUDSTATUS")
                #       set alarmSensitiveBorder and alarmSensitiveContent to True
                #       set a fixed width of 50 and add it to the grid
                pass

if __name__ == "__main__":
    app = PyDMApplication(use_main_window=False)
    window = LinacSummary()
    window.resize(600, 250)
    window.show()
    sys.exit(app.exec_())
```

### Run it

```bash
python linac_summary.py
```

### Things to try

- `cavity.pv_addr(suffix)` is equivalent to `cavity.pv_prefix + suffix`. Print
  `cavity.pv_prefix` for a few cavities to see the full PV naming scheme in action.
- Try iterating over `MACHINE.linacs` instead of a single linac to show all five sections.
  What layout changes are needed to keep it readable?
- `cm.cavities` is a `Dict[int, Cavity]`. What other attributes does `Cavity` expose?
  Browse `utils/sc_linac/cavity.py` and add a second grid showing a different PV.

---

## Next Steps

> Once you're comfortable with these exercises:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you're comfortable with the exercises above, you can find more detailed documentation and information in the following files:
```
